Updates to upgrade guides for 1.4 (#2646)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/packages.md

As of v0.14.0, dbt will warn you if you install a package using the `git` syntax without specifying a version (see below).

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.4">

### Internally hosted tarball URL

Some organizations have security requirements to pull resources only from internal services. To address the need to install packages from hosted environments such as Artifactory or cloud storage buckets, dbt Core enables you to install packages from internally-hosted tarball URLs. 

```yaml
packages:
  - tarball: https://codeload.github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-utils/tar.gz/0.9.6
    name: 'dbt_utils'
```

> Where `name: 'dbt_utils'` specifies the sub-folder of `dbt_packages` that will be created for the package source code to be installed within.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `name: 'dbt_utils'` specifies the subfolder of `dbt_packages` that's created for the package source code to be installed within.
```

Reviewer: sugg: 

- style for American English (vs British English and others)
- present tense
